Thanks for your writing, Your idea for information is really impressive. I quite agree with your opinion that as an information engineer, the most exciting thing is to develop algorithms in order to find out useful patterns from the available dataset. Actually, we can learn more on courses about machine learning and data science as you mentioned above.
I agree with your relationship between human and information. As human and an Information engineering, it is a must for us to use information to learn in the past, present and future. Althoguh information is crucial for our learning, a good Informaiotn engineer is required to check a any misleading and wrongly perceived information from leaking to the outside world. We are not just developing algorithm to analyze any database, we are bearing a moral task to guard for the society.
Yes. I think Amazon is quite powerful about the technology of recognition. Since I have participated a event that held by Amazon Web Services, they shared some of the services they have, and showed the demo by our phone in the event. One of the demo is face recognition, first we uploaded our photo and set the name. Then, we opened the another webpage and took a selfie, the page would match your face with many photos and provide the percentage of related tags automatically. In the demo, I found that their face recognition has high accuracy, as my selfie can match the photo that I uploaded before. Hence, I believe the technology would be widely used on our daily life in the future!
Nice article for a brief introduction on Amazon Go. I still remembered that Prof. Chan shared it with us in class. It’s so impressive that so many advanced technologies are cooperating together to make the best shopping experience for a customer. How life got changed because of the rapid development of tech. Hope one day, we could see the first Amazon Go store to open in HK.
The story of Rwanda is very interesting and inspiring. When lack of labour force of men, wonmen become the only choice. Your post remind me that one fact that my boss told me why sometimes woman can’t enjoy as successful carrer as men do. Fostering children is a tough job and because of natural, mother tend to raise their children first and put their work at the second priority. This lead to downgrade of their work performance. However, in tradition, men won’t mainly charge for raising, education or hoursework. This led women career can’t be last for a long time.
The first time I saw this topic, I thought it was to talk about the relationship between rapid economic growth and decent work. I think what you write in your blog is also an interesting topic. If we take gender equality, education equality into consideration when we are trying to solve the decent work problem, we may have more inspirations about what the problem is and what can we do to change the current situation. The Rwanda story is a very good example suggesting us to think about the work division in the family may greatly affect work in society.
I guess you are talking about gender equality. Why is it difficult for female labour to get decent work? It is because female is regarded as a vulnerable group in most of undeveloped countries. Female cannot handle labouring jobs and men have physical strength than women. Female always are asked to stay at home or do some cleaning jobs. To decrease gender unfairness, the best way is to show that both genders can have the same ability. Therefore, female should have more opportunities to show their gender advantages such as patient, careful. .Except labouring jobs, I believe that female will not be worse than male in other aspects of jobs.
Gender gap at work indeed is not a bad example for the topic of decent work, actually, we can not avoid that our examples in use being involved with another topic, like gender equality or eliminate poverty. The employment rate for any country indicates its economic status definitely. Blossoming or declining are both signal to the worldwide. Looking forward to your next blog about the relationship between technology and economics.
I pretty agree that social media accelerates the flow of information and thus improves the market efficiency.
As we know that, in the past people can only communicate by letters or telegrams which had a much slower speed of transferring the information compare to that of nowadays. The credit certainly belongs to social media if someone asks who contributes the most to the current prosperous economy.
However, this also means that from now on money is no longer the most fatal condition that decides the economy. Only the party that can access with the most current information can take over the whole chessboard. The world will soon enter, or already entered an era of information supremacy.
Thanks for your remarkable opinions on the stimulation from the development of social media to economic growth. More jobs in the social media field and more data flows are exactly two certain positive stimulation driven by social media analytics. Every day, millions of gigabytes of data were generated from the Internet world, digging out these potential associated rules and values becomes pretty popular in social media analytics. I hope we could contribute ourselves to this area.